they're good this freakin thing is not
working Oh heat when you want to light a
candle and it works and then it goes out
and then and then sometimes you can't
even find these things don't you wish
you had a candle that you could just
look whoa I let it okay nice dude it's a
candle you can blow on and Lonnie how
cool is that you don't even can take
this thing and just get rid of it
because it's useless thing keeps you
warm okay no it doesn't know this says
is you guys probably guessed from
thinkgeek com it's a candle I don't you
can see that or not that you can change
from yellow and blue definitely gives us
a lot of light I'm going to turn off
this other light i have over here so you
can see how much light I mean it's not a
supermodel light but it's definitely
enough that if I wanted to have this
sitting on my desk but I was playing
like World of Warcraft which you can't
see anything right now but you know and
I was typing well it's kind of creepy
return it to the other one I would
honestly I like this one better it's not
as bright but it looks like a candle
like you would never know that's really
cool and it's even cooler like when I
just have this light and that just kind
of chillin over here mm-hmm couple
complaints about it though I'm not going
to lie now the I addiction or I
addiction the creative one made a same
type of video and he said that these
were very weakly put on they definitely
fix that because these aren't going
anywhere I didn't have to superglue
these you know and it still has the same
button to turn it off you know the
change it and to turn it off totally if
you want to don't waste the battery at
all and then this is where the batteries
go they use salt or you know like watch
batteries which
saw a spot what are you gonna do you get
a very long right you get a very long
time one of these batteries but as you
can see what now I don't know this is a
defect or if I got to go back and watch
it but when I was watching the creative
one do this I didn't see him going
really hard you know you just like when
and mine you gotta really like into it
really hard yeah and you think I don't
know it just seems like he got a boat
really hard but I do like it thinkgeek
com I bought it it was uh 14 99 plus
shipping for this was a little under 20
bucks for the small one I love it I'm
not going to lie you know I don't like
the part I'm gonna send this video
actually to think geek to see what they
think maybe it's supposed to be that way
maybe it's not it actually looks like if
you look in there looks like that's
actually broken off a little bit it's
kind of like peeling can't really see it
you can see better like this oops
tonight there it goes you can kind of
see it like that see how it's kind of
peeling I can't see it but I like it
definitely thinkgeek another one of your
great products I'm deaf I'm like getting
all these products from my desk I got
kind of the idea from the creative one
I'm not gonna lie but you know that's
where you learn things you learn through
people if you didn't have nobody said
hey this is a great can I later I
wouldn't have bought it so I couldn't
have Lynn ok I'm back I'm actually gonna
put this up a little bit towards here so
you can see this better this is a Yankee
Candle McIntosh flavored sentence on
flavor if you don't taste it but yeah
that's see it's great you just put this
in here here's my not actually light oh
good so that's a real candle see how
that works yeah let's turn this off now
let's see let's compare the two we will
compare I don't know guys there's this
one now
these there's a gun and I'll there's
that one by itself and I like this one
god I think this one looks better than
this one mmm this one smells better and
every once a while it is nice to have a
real candle because you do get the heat
from it but it's not bad here's the
other color compared to the to see that
just lets over fake you know that's fake
well no it definitely looks fake but
here's another thing you can scare you
get heat from this one I think it to put
like a heater on this after you really
cool change it back so that's your basic
candle review this is the Yankee Candle
McIntosh flavored makes your room smell
like an apple computer no makes it smell
like an apple macintosh apple thanks for
watching guys bye